in summary of the panorama since January
past we have been dabbling in the
markets the Central American and Caribbean
next step is to enter a market
from North America
our permanent positioning in
South America next year is that
our biggest environment
and if we have had good results in
the markets of costa rica honduras and
Jamaica
we can say that until now it has not
helped god
However now we have to venture
in Mexico and the USA
speaking historically these markets
they are the most competitive of all
region
It will not be an easy task but it is not impossible
and what are our strengths
we have a team that has come
working put
and their performance has been good they are
focused on achieving our final goal
truly they are a group of
brave people we all admire
quite committed to our
short-term vision we will see or
transmit our goal to him
next year the greatest virtue of them is
who believe in our dreams that also
they are the dream of them and our country
they are our warriors
Sirs
to achieve our goal is
indispensable that we maintain a heart
humble and subject before God so that we
continue to help as before but
It is also very important to provide
support our team of blacksmiths for
that they try and be brave in the
battle
and feel our complete you think that
if we do so we can participate in
the Brazilian market for 2014
panama I did not tell you that if you believe you will see
the glory of God
you think so
if we believe
we will go
d
Y
if not
Hello
to try
all
and canada
all right
safe
and good
in front of him
Panama